
    Document

    Test

    Update timer to use more inclusive run loop modes

    add sample type to documentation/docset generators

    mouse tracking for other/all elements? (not just container element)

    Menu stuff:
        For menu:
            Checkout services...
                can we provide them or use them easily? Early research was less then promising re
                providing them (too much required Info.plist set before application run) but as to
                using them, never really checked.
            Can popup menu be in background thread to prevent blocking? (or are runloop changes sufficient?)

        For menuitem:
            some special keys don't seem to be caught; need to see if we can fix that or make list of them and remove from table

        For statusitem:
+           hs.menubar wrapper
+           drag and drop for button itself?
                for items? may have to add "springLoaded" to allow drag and drop to menu items

         For legacy:
            determine if stateImageSize is really needed or should remain a nop
            image position wrong when both title and icon are set

p       menubar rewrite so it can use views for status icon and menu items
            status item userdata takes two userdatas: view (element) and menu
+           menu userdata comprises actual menu and can be used in other locations (e.g. avplayer) that allow for menu assignment
+           menu should be a list of menubaritem userdata objects
?           allows for dynamic updates even if menu being displayed


+   rewrite canvas so it's parent window is no longer necessary -- it can use `hs._asm.uitk` with appropriate constructor wrapper
        add support for cX, cY, rX, and bY
+       add fittingSize to canvas -- tracks set size
        change proper constructor to new and move "new" into _legacy.new like with menubar?
            should other "legacy" aware methods be moved/duplicated in _legacy as well?

    rewrite webview so it's parent window is no longer necessary -- it can use `hs._asm.uitk` with appropriate constructor wrapper
        check fittingSize and see if WKWebView already does this correctly
        move toolbar to uitk.util

+   scrolling textview element
+       ruler?
+       style change toolbar?

    uitk.window
        tabs
        add modal sheet support

    pi in the sky
        replace console with one built from these modules? Would allow for easy addition of tabs,
            direct output to specific window/tab, etc.
